Mock implementation of a management console.

This isn't very different from a "normal" PostgreSQL installation with
a base backup and WAL archive. The main user-visible difference is
that when you create a standby server, we don't restore the whole data
directory, but only the "non-relation" files. Relation files are
restored on demand, when they're accessed the first time. That makes
the "create standby" operation is very fast, but with some delay when
you connect and start running queries instead.  Most visible if you
have a large database. (However, see note below about large databases)

Note: lots of things are broken/unsafe. Things will fail if a table is
larger than 1 GB. Or if there are more than 1000 files in the cloud
bucket.

How to use this demo:

1. If there are any leftovers from previous runs, reset by clicking
   the RESET DEMO button.  This kills and deletes all Postgres servers,
   and empties the cloud storage bucket

2. Create primary server by clicking on the "Init primary" button

3. Push a base image of the primary to cloud storage, by clicking the
   "push base image" button.  (This takes about 30 seconds, be
   patient)

4. Connect to primary with psql, and create a test table with a little data.

      psql postgres  -p5432 -U zenith -h<host>

      create table mytable (i int4);

      insert into mytable values (1);
      select pg_switch_wal();

   The Postgres password is the same as for the management console.

3. Now that there's a new WAL segment in the arhive, we can "slice &
   dice" it. Click on the "Slice & dice button".

4. Perform more updates on the primary, to generate more WAL.

      insert into mytable values (2); select pg_switch_wal();
      insert into mytable values (3); select pg_switch_wal();
      insert into mytable values (4); select pg_switch_wal();
      insert into mytable values (5); select pg_switch_wal();

5. Slice & Dice the WAL again

6. Now you can create read-only standby servers at any point in the
   WAL. Type a WAL position in the text box (or use the slider), and
   click "Create new standby". The first standby is created at port 5433,
   the second at port 5434, and so forth.

7. Connect to the standby with "psql -p 5433". Note that it takes a
   few seconds until the connection is established. That's because the
   standby has to restore the basic system catalogs, like pg_database and
   pg_authid from the backup. After connecting, you can do "\d" to list
   tables, this will also take a few seconds, as more catalog tables are
   restored from backup.  Subsequent commands will be faster.

   Run queries in the standby:

      select * from mytable;

   the result depends on the LSN that you picked when you created the server.
